[Zen2] Update documentation for Zen2 (#34714)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/setup/important-settings/discovery-settings.asciidoc

[[discovery-settings]]
=== Discovery and cluster formation settings

There are two important discovery and cluster formation settings that should be
configured before going to production so that nodes in the cluster can discover
each other and elect a master node.

> 

Reviewer: I'd recommend defining discovery.zen.ping.unicast.hosts.resolve_timeout here too, unless there's already a reference page for it elsewhere.

[float]
[[unicast.hosts]]
==== `discovery.zen.ping.unicast.hosts`

Out of the box, without any network configuration, Elasticsearch will bind to
the available loopback addresses and will scan local ports 9300 to 9305 to try
to connect to other nodes running on the same server. This provides an auto-
clustering experience without having to do any configuration.

When the moment comes to form a cluster with nodes on other servers, you must
use the `discovery.zen.ping.unicast.hosts` setting to provide a seed list of
other nodes in the cluster that are master-eligible and likely to be live and
contactable.  This setting should normally contain the addresses of all the
master-eligible nodes in the cluster.

> 

Reviewer: I would suggest moving the reference details about this setting here.  For example:

```suggestion
This setting contains either an array of hosts or a comma-delimited string. Each
value should be in the form of `host:port` or `host` (where `port` defaults to
the setting `transport.profiles.default.port` falling back to `transport.port`
if not set). Note that IPv6 hosts must be bracketed. The default for this
setting is `127.0.0.1, [::1]`
```

connect to other nodes running on the same server. This provides an auto-
clustering experience without having to do any configuration.

> When the moment comes to form a cluster with nodes on other servers, you have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the moment comes to form a cluster with nodes on other servers, you must
```

> to provide a seed list of other nodes in the cluster that are master-eligible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use the `discovery.zen.ping.unicast.hosts` setting to provide a seed list of other nodes in the cluster that are master-eligible
```

> and likely to be live and contactable, using the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and likely to be live and contactable.
```

> `discovery.zen.ping.unicast.hosts` setting. This setting should normally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting should normally
```

contain the addresses of all the master-eligible nodes in the cluster.

[float]
[[initial_master_nodes]]
==== `cluster.initial_master_nodes`

> Starting a brand-new Elasticsearch cluster for the very first time requires a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you start a brand new Elasticsearch cluster for the very first time, you must
```

> <<modules-discovery-bootstrap-cluster,cluster bootstrapping>> step to determine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<<modules-discovery-bootstrap-cluster,cluster bootstrapping>> step, which determines
```

> the set of master-eligible nodes whose votes should be counted in the very

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the set of master-eligible nodes whose votes are counted in the very
```

first election. In <<dev-vs-prod-mode,development mode>>, with no discovery
settings configured, this step is automatically performed by the nodes
themselves. As this auto-bootstrapping is

> <<modules-discovery-quorums,inherently unsafe>>, starting a brand-new cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<<modules-discovery-quorums,inherently unsafe>>, when you start a brand new cluster
```

> in <<dev-vs-prod-mode,production mode>> requires an explicit list of the names

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in <<dev-vs-prod-mode,production mode>>, you must explicitly list the names
```

    addresses.

[float]
[[initial_master_nodes]]
==== `cluster.initial_master_nodes`

> Starting an Elasticsearch cluster for the very first time requires a

Reviewer 2: great that we have this as a short description. I think it will be good to actually show a elasticsearch.yml example and also merge it with the above unicast host example, so there is one clear config to copy .

Author: Nice idea, I reworked this section in 041494cba57d27d1da751f285ac6a04302aa838a. Also excised another reference to `Zen Discovery` that had slipped through ☠️
